Update portal property reference (#1475)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/0.36-x/property-reference.md

⚠️ **IMPORTANT:** Some SMTP servers may require valid email addresses

### portal_email_verification

**Default:** `off`

**Description:**

> When enabled Developers will recieve an email upon registration to verify their account.  Developers will not be able to use the Developer Portal untill they verify their account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled Developers will receive an email upon registration to verify their account.  Developers will not be able to use the Developer Portal until they verify their account.
```
